Revise the positionConfig contents (#650)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/positionConfig/offset/offset.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the offset of the overlay element from the specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the overlay element's offset from a specified position.
```

---

> The offset is specified in pixels. To set this option, use an object with the **x** and **y** fields or a string value that indicates the horizontal and vertical offsets separated by a whitespace character. Positive offsets shift the element right or down, negative offsets shift it left or up. 

Reviewer: Can we be more specific than "use an object with the **x** and **y** fields"
(See my similar suggestions above)

"or a string value that indicates the horizontal and vertical offsets separated by a whitespace character"
Change to "or a string value that indicates horizontal and vertical offsets separated by a whitespace character" (simply remove "the")

For the last sentence:
A positive offset shifts an element to the right or down; a negative offset shifts it to the left or up.

> In the following code, the overlay element is shifted 50 pixels right and 25 pixels up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code, the overlay element is shifted 50 pixels to the right and 25 pixels up.
```
